about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
Hello!  I'm Nick Riebeek, and 'Experiments in Meteor' is a blog focused on the <a href="https://www.meteor.com/" target="_blank">Meteor Javascript Framework</a>.

I've been a professional software developer for over a decade, pretty much exclusively working with <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/net" target="_blank">.NET</a>.  

A few years ago I decided to do a simple side-project in <a href="http://rubyonrails.org/" target="_blank">Rails</a>... not only was using Rails a ton of fun, but the experience turned out to really improve my understanding of Microsoft's MVC framework, I think it is safe to say <a href="http://www.asp.net/mvc" target="_blank">ASP.NET MVC</a> has been heavily influenced by Rails.  After my experience with Rails, I started to keep a closer eye on technologies outside the Microsoft stack.

One of the technologies that ended up catching my eye was Meteor.  I'm loving it so far and thought I would share some of the things I've learned.  I consider myself a 'tinkerer' at this point so most of the posts on 'Experiments with Meteor' will be in the beginner - intermediate range of ability.  If you've got a basic understanding of Meteor you should be good to go!

### Built with...
Experiments in Meteor is a <a href="http://jekyllrb.com/" target="_blank">Jekyll</a> generated static site hosted on <a href="http://aws.amazon.com/s3/" target="_blank">S3</a>.  Styling was done with the help of <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank">Bootstrap</a> and <a href="http://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank">Sass</a>.  The banner background was purchased from <a href="http://www.shutterstock.com/" target="_blank">Shutterstock</a>.  The super styling favicon is courtesy of <a href="http://antifavicon.com/" target="_blank">Antifavicon</a>.

Commit message:

photo blog part 1 post redo complete

about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
Hello!  I'm Nick Riebeek, and 'Experiments in Meteor' is a blog focused on the <a href="https://www.meteor.com/" target="_blank">Meteor Javascript Framework</a>.

I've been a professional software developer for over a decade, pretty much exclusively working with <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/net" target="_blank">.NET</a>.  

For awhile I've been interested in working on my writing skills and a blog seemed like a good place to start, the result is 'Experiments in Meteor'.  Meteor caught my eye awhile back and I'm really impressed with the framework and the potential it shows.  My day gig is still in .NET so I consider myself a beginner in many ways when it comes to Meteor, as a result most of the posts on 'Experiments with Meteor' will be in the beginner - intermediate range of ability.  If you've got a basic understanding of Meteor you should be good to go!

### Built with...
Experiments in Meteor is a <a href="http://jekyllrb.com/" target="_blank">Jekyll</a> generated static site hosted on <a href="http://aws.amazon.com/s3/" target="_blank">S3</a>.  Styling was done with the help of <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank">Bootstrap</a> and <a href="http://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank">Sass</a>.  The banner background was purchased from <a href="http://www.shutterstock.com/" target="_blank">Shutterstock</a>.  The super styling favicon is courtesy of <a href="http://antifavicon.com/" target="_blank">Antifavicon</a>.
